Add URI paths for cluster stats filtering. (#8595)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _api-reference/cluster-api/cluster-stats.md

Parameter | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :---
&lt;node-filters&gt; | List | A comma-separated list of [node filters]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/nodes-apis/index/#node-filters) that OpenSearch uses to filter results.
metric | String | A comma-separated list of [metric groups](#metric-groups), for example, `jvm,fs`. Default is all metric groups.
index_metric | String | A comma-separated list of [index metric groups](#index-metric-groups), for example, `docs,store`. Default is all index metrics.

> Although the `master` terminology has been deprecated for `cluster_manager` after OpenSearch 2.0, we retained the `master` field for backwards compatibility. If you have a node that has either a `master` role or a `cluster_manager` role, the `count` increases for both fields by 1. To see an example node count increase, see the [example response](#example-response).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although the term `master` was deprecated in favor of `cluster_manager` subsequent to OpenSearch 2.0, the `master` field was retained for backward compatibility. If you have a node that has either a `master` role or a `cluster_manager` role, the `count` increases for both fields by 1. For an example node count increase, see the [example response](#example-response).
```

> {: .note }

Reviewer: Is it versions "subsequent to 2.0", or should it be "in OpenSearch 2.0 and later"?

Reviewer 2: Subsequent.

### Metric groups

The following table lists all available metric groups.

Metric | Description
:--- |:----
`indices` | Statistics about indexes in the cluster.

> `os` | Statistics about the host OS including load, and memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`os` | Statistics about the host OS, including load and memory.
```

`process` | Statistics about processes, including open file descriptors and CPU usage.
`jvm` | Statistics about the JVM, including heap usage and threads.
`fs` | Statistics about file system usage.

> `plugins` | Statistics about OpenSearch plugins integrated within the nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`plugins` | Statistics about OpenSearch plugins integrated with the nodes.
```

> `network_types` | The Transport and HTTP networks connected to the nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`network_types` | The transport and HTTP networks connected to the nodes.
```

> `network_types` | The Transport and HTTP networks connected to the nodes.

Reviewer: "Statistics about the"?

Reviewer 2: This is would be a list of networks, not statistics.

Reviewer: OK, then let's say "A list of the transport and HTTP networks connected to the nodes."

> `discovery_type` | The method the nodes use to find other nodes inside the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`discovery_type` | The method used by the nodes to find other nodes in the cluster.
```

> `packaging_types` | Information about each nodes’ OpenSearch distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`packaging_types` | Information about each node's OpenSearch distribution.
```

`ingest` | Statistics about ingest pipelines.

### Index metric groups

> To filter the information returned for the `indices` metric, you can use specific `index_metric` values. You can use these only when you use the following query types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To filter the information returned for the `indices` metric, you can use specific `index_metric` values. These values are only supported when using the following query types:
```

Parameter | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :---
&lt;node-filters&gt; | List | A comma-separated list of [node filters]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/nodes-apis/index/#node-filters) that OpenSearch uses to filter results.

> metric | String | A comma-separated list of metric groups that are included in the response. For example, `jvm,fs`. See the following list of all metrics. Defaults to all metrics.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
metric | String | A comma-separated list of metric groups to include in the response, for example, `jvm.fs`. Default is all metric groups.
```

Field | Description
:--- | :---

> `nodes` | How many nodes returned in the response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`nodes` | The number of nodes returned in the response.
```

`cluster_name` | The cluster's name.

> `cluster_uuid` | The cluster's uuid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cluster_uuid` | The cluster's UUID.
```

> `timestamp` | The Unix epoch time of when the cluster was last refreshed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`timestamp` | The Unix epoch time indicating when the cluster was last refreshed.
```

`status` | The cluster's health status.
`indices` | Statistics about the indexes in the cluster.

> `indices.count` | How many indexes are in the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`indices.count` | The number of indexes in the cluster.
```

`indices.shards` | Information about the cluster's shards.

> `indices.docs` | How many documents are still in the cluster and how many documents are deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`indices.docs` | The number of documents remaining in the cluster and the number of documents that were deleted.
```

`indices.store` | Information about the cluster's storage.

> `indices.fielddata` | Information about the cluster's field data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`indices.fielddata` | Information about the cluster's field data.
```

`indices.query_cache` | Data about the cluster's query cache.

> `indices.completion` | How many bytes in memory are used to complete operations.

Reviewer: "How many" => "The number of". "are" => "that were"?

> `indices.completion` | How many bytes in memory are used to complete operations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`indices.completion` | The number of bytes in memory that were used to complete operations.
```

`indices.segments` | Information about the cluster's segments, which are small Lucene indexes.

> `indices.mappings` | Mappings within the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`indices.mappings` | Mappings in the cluster.
```

> `indices.analysis` | Information about analyzers used in the cluster.

Reviewer: Above: What about them? "Information about mappings in the cluster"?

`nodes` | Statistics about the nodes in the cluster.

> `nodes.count` | How many nodes were returned from the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`nodes.count` | The number of nodes returned by the request.
```

> `nodes.versions` | OpenSearch's version number.

Reviewer: "The OpenSearch version number"?

> `nodes.versions` | OpenSearch's version number.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`nodes.versions` | The OpenSearch version number for each node.
```

> `nodes.os` | Information about the operating systems used in the nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`nodes.os` | Information about the operating systems used by the nodes.
```

> `nodes.process` | The processes the returned nodes use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`nodes.process` | The processes used by the returned nodes.
```

> `nodes.process` | The processes the returned nodes use.

Reviewer: "A list of the"? "Information about the"?

> `nodes.jvm` | Statistics about the Java Virtual Machines in use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`nodes.jvm` | Statistics about the JVMs in use.
```

> `nodes.process` | A list of process used by each node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`nodes.process` | A list of processes used by each node.
```

> `nodes.fs` | The nodes' file storage.

Reviewer: What about it? "Information about the node's file storage"?

> `nodes.fs` | The nodes' file storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`nodes.fs` | The node's file storage.
```

> `nodes.fs` | The nodes' file storage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`nodes.fs` | Information about the nodes' file storage.
```

> `nodes.plugins` | The OpenSearch plugins integrated within the nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`nodes.plugins` | The OpenSearch plugins integrated with the nodes.
```

> `nodes.plugins` | The OpenSearch plugins integrated within the nodes.

Reviewer: "A list of the"? "Information about the"?

Reviewer 2: A list of the.

> `nodes.network_types` | The transport and HTTP networks within the nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`nodes.network_types` | The transport and HTTP networks connected to the nodes.
```

> `nodes.network_types` | The transport and HTTP networks within the nodes.

Reviewer: "A list of the"? "Information about the"?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`nodes.network_types` | A list of the transport and HTTP networks within the nodes.
```

> `nodes.network_types` | A list of the transport and HTTP networks within the nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`nodes.network_types` | A list of the transport and HTTP networks connected to the nodes.
```

> `nodes.discovery_type` | The method the nodes use to find other nodes within the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`nodes.discovery_type` | The method used by the nodes to find other nodes in the cluster.
```

> `nodes.packaging_types` | Information about the nodes' OpenSearch distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`nodes.packaging_types` | Information about each node's OpenSearch distribution.
```

> `nodes.discovery_type` | The method used by the nodes to find other nodes in the cluster.

Reviewer: Above: Changed to match line 54.

> `nodes.discovery_type` | The method used by the nodes to find other nodes in the cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`nodes.discovery_type` | A list of methods used by the nodes to find other nodes in the cluster.
```

> `nodes.ingest` | Information about the nodes' ingest pipelines/nodes, if there are any.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`nodes.ingest` | Information about the node's ingest pipelines/nodes, if there are any.
```
